Dear Sir,
Today I had called for review meeting  with the database person and based on his observations we need to arrange for a meeting with PIMS application team and take confirmation on  implement the  findings so in the first stage we can achieve approx.. 50% of improvement in areas of database fine tuning, database security, database performance, data backup and database monitoring.
This exercise will add to faster database server performance and  prepare  us to plan for Database migration to new version 2016 in the coming months.
Regards,

Dear Mr. Rahul ,
Kindly visit at HI office for Review meeting with Stanley Sir on 10th Jun 2019 – 2nd half (between 2.00pm to 2.30pm).
Kindly acknowledge.


Dear All, 
We would like to inform you that'put subjecct here'

It will be done on mon

Request you to advise on below mail.
Failed IBE CKIS Bkgs:INTDB2K8[172.21.203.155]

Kindly let us know the complete error, Also provide the test case of the query that causing an error.

For your information .
Please do not reply to this mail its a system generated mail.

kindly let us know once it is done.

PM #: 21543       -- (1) Pending with Raghvendra as YOU asked him for the query
    (2) We do not have the market as “Taiwan” The view shown in the attachment does not provide the table / column and relevant information

PM #: 20941       --Pending from CKIS, as earlier told and need to discuss with Raghvendra as what is needed to populate besides the lead client information., as the data within record will repeat if passenger added.

Need to look  below issue asap .
We need to close below two pm related to CRM.

As discussed, we created the  Scripts  as per requirement. please find attachment path and tables .
The Concerned SP has been modified on DEMO Env, Please check now, let me know if issue still persists.
Please resolve on top priority and re-assign back to NTT team.
Please check and advise asap.

Kindly fulfill the below Request ASAP, Its pending from 3rd Jan 2019 and required by front end team .
Please check the attached email , Staff name given by you are not as per the details given in attached xls .

In absence of Jeevan . We need your help to configure  the attached CKES-agents details in CKIS .
Please ensure reporting branch is updated according the state and city for respective CKES-agents  .
Kindly do let us know if you need any help .

Dear rahul,
One more mail for your reference, unable to understand  

Please feel free to let us know if you need any clarification.

Please be reminded that 2nd April that is Tuesday is the last date for March entries.

Kindly decipher what does the below email and attached excel means?
Please feel free to let us know if you need any clarification.

Same has been reverted and emailed to you… attached is the reference email.
 --https://github.com/imajaydwivedi/SQLDBA-SSMS-Solution/tree/master/BlitzQueries





